# Wolf-Gang Engine

Simply, the greatest open-source game engine boosting evolutionary 2D graphics beyond the boundaries of modern computing to unimaginable degrees... Also it's not done yet so it can't do anything ye~ waitwaitwait WAIT! But when it is, it will be THE BEST in the industry. You believe me, *right?*

In all seriousness, this engine is meant to provide a simple platform for creating your own 2d games quick and easy. It is inspired by Unity3d and various other fantastic engines out there! With its own quirks, of course.

It is still under heavy development so there isn't much to show here but here's a list of goals in mind:
- Versatile and easy to use editor with satisfying visual feedback.
- Plenty of tools and templates for many different styles of game eg. platformer, top-down, physics-based, pixel art, and etcetera. So you can get a prototype of your game up and running with a few clicks.
- Flexible scripting to achieve the aforementioned point.

### Building
___
Building _should_ be quite simple. It uses modern C++17 features so **you are required to use the latest GCC 7, Clang 7, and VS 2017 15.7 compilers in order to compile this project correctly.** C++17 helped simplify some code that would otherwise be distasteful workarounds <cl><font size="1">(well... most of the script system code is riddled with distasteful workarounds but not as much as it could be *OK?*)</font></cl>.
3rdparty libraries are compiled as part of this project's source to ensure you have the correct version.

Dependencies:
- Latest compiler with C++17 compliance (GCC 7, Clang 7, and VS 2017 15.7)
- CMake

Clone the repository and cd to the new directory. The `--recursive` is important here because it will clone and initialize the submodules as well. I might consider just inlining those third party libraries if it becomes too much of an inconvenience so any feedback is welcome.
```bash
git clone --recursive https://github.com/clman94/Wolf-Gang-Engine.git
cd Wolf-Gang-Engine
```

Create a build directory to store the files generated by CMake.
```bash
mkdir ./build
cd build
```

Generate the project.
```bash
cmake ..
```

If you are using an IDE, open the project and make sure to set the "Startup project" to the WolfGangEngine Project and that should be it!

### License
___

This project is under the very permissive MIT license so you can modify and redistribute as appropriate for your project.
I do advise that you mention when you use code from this engine or use the engine to develop your game.
Maybe even send your own improvements as pull-requests. :)
